On the day Kacchan and Todoroki had
their provisional license training course...
Oh! Hey!
U.A.!
Oh, what's this?
This guy's super hot.
That's like, totally crazy.
I'm totally psyched to train with a hot guy.
Camie, that's beneath you!
As a student of Shiketsu,
you should throw away things like that!
Meat! You failed in the
first test, didn't you?
I received permission to observe!
I'm just watching!
Go home, Meat!
My name is Seiji Shishikura!
It's about time, huh?
Yeah...
Shall we make today's
training a little harder...?
Hey, Todoroki,
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
"Inasa Yoarashi - Quirk: Whirlwind"
what things do you like?
Soba, served cold in a basket.
Man, I like my soba hot!
And I like udon better!
We're not compatible.
No, but I feel like we've gotten closer!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
I say this every time,
but you don't have to force
yourself to be friends with me.
That makes me sick.
Well, today we've rented out
the general sports center for the training.
"Heroes Public Safety
Commission - Yokumiru Mera"
Recently, I've gotten
scared of falling asleep.
I'm Mera. Look forward
to working with you today, too.
This seems kind of bad.
One more thing before we begin.
Up until now, we have
had ten people in this class,
but starting today, we will have 11.
"Pro Hero - Present Mic - Quirk: Voice"
We can just sit up front, right?
It'll be easier to see.
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
Let's take a seat where we won't stand out.
I don't want to get in anyone's way.
"Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame"
Shoto!
You're not someone who should
be suffering a setback in a place like this!
Show them why you're in
a different league from them!
What? No way.
It's Endeavor!
The number two... no, number one hero...
Seriously? Why is he here?
Endeavor...
You're in the way.
Don't get in my way.
Wait, next to Endeavor...
Huh?!
It's All Might!
Look, everyone's looking at us now.
What's he doing here?
Wow!
Seriously?
Well, he is a teacher at U.A. right now.
Um, everyone, please calm down.
May I continue?
She'll be joining the class starting today--
I'm a second year at Shiketsu High School.
"Camie Utsushimi"
Please call me Camie.
Like the rest of you,
she made it to the second exam
and fulfilled the requirements
to take the supplemental class,
but because the cause of her foggy memory
from the days before the exam was unknown,
she had to pass up
the opportunity to participate.
They said ok-ok to, like, making an exception,
and it's, like, sooo generous!
I totally owe them tons, but, like, 'sup!
I don't know what she just said.
'Seiji Shishikura - Quirk: Meatball"
Camie is extremely idiotic.
Let's call her upbeat.
And that was probably what was targeted.
With her personality and the way she
talks and acts, it took longer to discover.
I failed? But, like, I
don't remember taking it.
Anyway, I slept for, like, four days?
OMG, that's, like, so long.
There were the discrepancies
from the people around her after that
and anesthetics detected in her blood...
And then, the U.A. student's testimony
yesterday put the last nail in the coffin.
To think that someone had
changed places with her...
The League of Villains...
To not notice that one of
my fellows had been replaced...
I am pathetic...
The predictions of the police
and the heroes were wrong.
We must really take measures promptly
to deal with the absence of a Symbol.
Now...
I leave it to you, then...
Gang Orca.
You all came today, too,
without being discouraged, huh?
"Current Hero Rank - 10th - Gang Orca"
You failures who were
culled out by that easy exam!
He took control of that relaxed
atmosphere in an instant, huh?
He doesn't realize that
he's also being rebuked indirectly.
"*Failed the first exam."
There's something I realized
from the course up to this point.
Far from being heroes, you lot are
lower than the ocean bottom dwellers!
You're goby fish turds!
Sir, yes, sir!
I can't hear you.
What the heck? He's scary.
Especially you!
Do you even want to be a hero?!
First of all, I'm not a turd.
Disciplinary action!
How can turds save the mighty humans?
Indirectly through fertilizer and--
Disciplinary action!
Can people be praised for
just combat ability and mobility?
--Sir, yes... sir!
--Disciplinary action!
I know that the three of
you have enough combat ability.
But that's all you have.
Foolish behavior, like being
disrespectful to those needing rescue
and ignoring the situation around
you while competing stubbornly...
Today, we will put you
through a special trial.
What you lot are missing...
...in other words, "heart"!
Will anyone take hold
of the hand you put out?
No!
Even if they bare their fangs at you,
if there is a life there, you must save it!
To save and be saved--
The essence of that is an agreement
and understanding between your hearts!
Now, conquer this!
Through this life-or-death battle,
show that you can come
to an understanding with them!
That's the trial you face!
Wow, a real hero!
"Win Those Kids' Hearts"
Come on, greet them properly...
Lame! Bombs are lame!
Hey, listen to what I'm saying!
They're from Masegaki
Public Elementary School.
Ma'am, we will take
responsibility for these children.
Thank you for your help.
Where's the battle?!
Everyone, he made Takuto cry!
Don't make him cry, Bomb!
Stop crying!
There are people like that, huh?
Adults that think that if they yell
without letting anyone else get a word in,
everything will turn out the way they want...
Anyway, it won't work.
What's with this kid?!
Hey, what's this?
What's this?
What's this, what's this, a wee-wee?
Oh, this is--
A wee-wee! A wee-wee! A wee-wee!
This is not a wee-wee.
This is first-aid treatment
for when relief doesn't arrive in time--
Boring.
It's a wee-wee, right?
You're a hero with five wee-wees,
Five Wees, right?
Wee-wee! Wee-wee!
You jerk!
You jerk! You jerk!
--I'm stronger than you, you jerk!
--I...
...won't turn into that.
Where are you looking, jerk?!
Hey, hey!
Oh, shoot! I looked away again!
Why am I, like, part of this group, too?
You are an exception.
We couldn't see you in action at the exam.
Also, you seem like
you wouldn't be good at this.
What the heck? I'm, like,
seriously exasperated.
Oh well, I like kids, anyway.
Ouch!
Don't seduce Sho.
Ignore her, ignore her, ignore her.
Man, she's seriously at that age, huh?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
My class is full of problem children.
No matter what I do, they're rebellious...
They've already started
causing problems for you all.
Ma'am, don't worry.
Mr. Whale...
By the end of today,
I believe they will change your class.
I'll have you four work together
and grasp the hearts of
the kids in this class.
Are you telling us to
be nursery school teachers?
Now, the rest of you will have a lecture
after your practical exercises
with my employees, as usual.
Attention!
Sir, yes, sir!
My MC spirit has reached its limit!
Background music and live reporting!
Without them, there is no soul in an event!
Well, whether there is or not is honestly--
If it doesn't matter whether there is or not,
then obviously it'd be better
to have them, Mighty Boy!
Now, let's get this party
started, underachievers!
Yeah!
The battle between the future
heroes and the rugrats has begun!
Let's, like, have some fun, okay, kiddos?
Ignore her, ignore her.
Ignore the wanton woman.
Leave her, leave her.
You seem to have been
considerate of my feelings.
So, you wanted to talk?
Honestly, I don't know
what I could say as I am now...
Did you know?
The number of crimes
committed in the past month
has gone up 3% compared to past years.
I... have resolved more
incidents than anyone else.
Even now, I've done more than before...
However, I can hear it...
The sound of something unseen
that you built up... crumbling away.
Former number one hero...
What is the Symbol of Peace?
"Inasa Yoarashi"
"Quirk: Whirlwind"
"He can create strong winds around himself and control them."
"Affiliation: Shiketsu High School 1st Year"
"Birthday: 9/26"
"Height: 190 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Passion"
"Endeavor"
"Quirk: Hellflame"
"He can produce high-temperature flames with his body."
"Affiliation: Pro Hero"
"Birthday: 8/8"
"Height: 195 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: Kudzu Mochi"
Give that back!
That's not a toy for kids!
Is it okay for that to be so easily removed?
I took them off because
it'd be dangerous, damn it!
I mean, "grasp the hearts" is,
like, super vague.
Like, what're we supposed to do, anyway?
Now, Team Goby looks like they don't
know what they're supposed to do!
It's fine for you to do this,
but it's still a class, so don't go overboard.
Okay, okay!
However, what should they be doing?
What would you like out of this, ma'am?
Well...
The early elementary school years are
an important time for building character...
Because the difference
between Quirks has a big effect,
we offer counseling in order to
support healthy emotional development,
but counseling is not a cure-all.
The children of this class
have closed their hearts to us.
I understand that this is my responsibility.
But, if interacting with you all,
working so hard to achieve your dreams,
will help them remember
their honest feelings...
Let's stop saying crass things to each other.
There's someone in trouble.
In other words, we just need
to make friends with everyone, right?
All right!
Let's get this babysitting
over and done with...
...and join the training on the other side!
Oh, you're already being crass, Bakugo!
Now, how will U.A.'s ammunition
depot handle this?!
Because the teacher didn't fulfill her role
as "leader" and was looked down on,
the brats ended up taking over.
This isn't something that "just happens"
"without you realizing it."
There's definitely a "boss"
who's creating this atmosphere.
Find that kid!
And then?
And then beat him up and hang
him up to make an example out of him
and make the other kids throw rocks at him!
It'll be the most effective way to make
him realize just how insignificant he is!
We just need to make friends
with everyone, right?
Now, Bakugo has put out his opinion...
Whoever's the strongest, come out!
Fight me!
...but it doesn't look like it'll work!
Such an outdated, violent way of thinking...
You're giving yourself away.
He's given himself away!
Enough already! Just come out!
Um, it might be impertinent to say this,
but will it really be all right?
Don't worry. This is the side show.
Delinquents aren't fashionable, you know.
Then make them fashionable!
Getting to know each other first
is the fastest way to becoming friends.
Who wants to become a hero?!
The second to try is the kid from Shiketsu!
I do!
They're cool!
I'm super strong, too!
Playing with children might
be something Inasa is good at.
His passion cheers those around him.
Now... this is something to see.
He's started a commentary...
He's easily influenced, huh...
Really? I wanna be one, too!
Don't heat and passion
just make your blood boil?
I don't really know what he's talking about,
but it seems pretty good!
It's the job of a hero
to protect everyone's smiles, right?
Can kids who give their teachers
trouble become good heroes?
No...?
Right! In that case...
But...
Then... since you all gave the teachers
and safety commission more work
by making them run this class,
you can't become one, either?
That's true!
I'm not in a position
to talk all high and mighty!
I'm sorry!
He's big-hearted and pure, huh?
Don't you think these kids are more,
like, twisted than expected?
That's why I said sometimes
violence is necessary.
Bakugo, that's not true.
Huh?! That's how I was raised!
There should be a better way to do this.
Oh? Then show me your way of doing things.
Sure.
I have entrusted everything to Shoto.
I had already climbed to the
number two spot by the time I was 20.
Because I'd climbed here, I understood...
...that I couldn't reach the top.
If all I'd wanted was the title,
I could've acted friendly like you
and ingratiated myself with everyone.
But I wanted to become stronger than anyone.
This isn't like you.
Just answer me!
What the Symbol of Peace is, huh...?
Honestly, I'm not sure what to say.
I believed that this country needed a Symbol
and ran forward at full speed.
A strong light that could
be hope or a warning...
I swore that that's what I would become
and ran to this place.
When I went into town,
everyone looked uneasy.
No matter how many heroes there were,
the number of crimes never went down.
Even more than now, everyone was afraid.
I'm here because I wanted
to do something to help you!
All Might!
I ignored the kindnesses around me
and cast off many things
to choose this path.
Your former sidekick?
Endeavor,
I understand the situation
you've been placed in
and what's being said about you.
There are many who compare you to me.
"Special: Where is hero society headed?"
It's not that I don't like Endeavor,
"Japan without All Might"
"Businessman (36)"
it's just that I can't help
comparing him to All Might!
It's All Might!
What's he doing here?
Wow!
It's Endeavor!
Seriously? Why is he here?
But you and I are different.
You do not have to copy
the Symbol that I was aiming for.
You should look for a way
that suits you without rushing.
Now, next is
Shoto Todoroki, with both
calmness and passion!
Shoto!
Huh...?
Now, how will he get closer to them?
It's something worth seeing!
Getting to see a hot guy
who likes kids is, like, the best.
Oh no, we'll be at the same level as her.
Ignore them, ignore them.
Right.
Man...
Five Wees is boring. We don't need him.
Let's go tease the big gorilla.
He's talking about you, Baldy.
I told you, I'm not bald!
What kind of person I am...
I need them to know that first,
or nothing I say will reach them.
Don't turn your back on the past!
I'm not "Five Wees,"
I'm Shoto, a U.A. student
who wants to be a hero.
My father is the current
number one hero, Endeavor,
but I'd always hated him and wanted to...
He's started by talking like
a character introduction page!
Boring...
No one likes him!
Sorry.
Nice try, Todoroki!
I guess I have no choice.
Hey.
You three've been doing things
normally this whole time,
but wouldn't it be faster if we,
like, showed them our Quirks?
I was just about to say that!
No way, what a coincidence.
The gap between us is still deep.
And there are still some
who are having fun giving us trouble.
To attack, we can't just try to fill the gap.
Our only choice is to jump--
with a practical skill demonstration!
I see. Got it!
They're talking about something.
No matter what they try, it won't work.
Because we all know...
Our mommies and daddies,
and everyone on TV...
They're all wondering if heroes will be okay.
Stop! It's dangerous!
That's right. We know...
That we're better than you guys!
Come on, brats, I'll fight you!
In the end, all you can do
is hold us down from above.
Of course, that won't work.
Why are these guys having so much
trouble with some grade schoolers?
Fighting power with power
is the epitome of foolishness.
Who the heck are you?!
For a while now, you have not seemed
to grasp the significance of Shiketsu High.
In order for the commentary to be fair,
I have come to assist you.
What'd you say?
As Present Mic stated,
if they clash seriously,
the children will only be left ashamed.
On the other hand, if they use
their discretion and let the children shine,
then it will only make
the children even more impudent.
By abandoning discourse,
they have entered an impasse!
I'm sorry, but this isn't the time
to be talking so leisurely!
Those children believe that
their Quirks surpass those of heroes
and are seriously trying to defeat them!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The children of Masegaki
Elementary School distrust heroes
and believe they're stronger,
and they've picked a fight with
Kacchan, Todoroki, and the others.
If they use their Quirks
and force them to yield,
then they can't come to a
mutual understanding with the children.
The qualifications of Kacchan
and the others as heroes,
and their true worth,
are being called into question.
Next time, "Relief for License Trainees."
Aoyama's eccentric behavior
goes out of control, too!
"Next time: Relief for License Trainees"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!